ROS 2 section [9292] (#194)
eProsima/Fast-RTPS-docs: docs/fastdds/ros2/ros2_configure.rst

.. include:: ../../03-exports/aliases.include
.. include:: ../../03-exports/aliases-api.include
.. include:: ../../03-exports/roles.include

.. ros2_configure:

> Configuring Fast DDS

Reviewer: I'd call this something like `Configuring Fast DDS in ROS 2`

====================

> To use some specific features from *Fast DDS* library using ROS2, we can use the XML configuration files that the

Reviewer: In general, ROS 2 with a space
```suggestion
To use some specific features from *Fast DDS* library using ROS 2, we can use the XML configuration files that the
```

> To use some specific features from *Fast DDS* library using ROS2, we can use the XML configuration files that the

Reviewer: In general, avoid first person

library uses to configure *QoS*.

> To check the whole parameter list that could be configured for *Fast DDS* library review the
> `configuration page<xml_profiles>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please refer to :ref:`xml_profiles` to see the whole list of configuration options available in *Fast DDS*.
```

> As described in :ref:`xml_profiles` section, there are two possibilities for providing *Fast DDS* with XML configuration

Reviewer: Merge with previous paragraph

  executable.

Default profiles
----------------

Under ROS 2, the entity creation does not allow for selecting different profiles from the XML.

> To work around this issue, the profiles can be marked with an attribute ``is_default_profile="true"``, so when an entity

Reviewer: The table is not correct from Foxy on

Example
-------

The following example uses the ROS 2 talker/listener demo, configuring *Fast DDS* to publish synchronously, and to have

> dynamically allocated publisher and subscriber histories.

Reviewer: I'd complete the XML snippet so it's completely functional

Author: Any of the examples along the documentation has a whole functional XML. I am not sure what do you ask for here.

Author: I have added the `<profile>` tag. But along the documentation, most of the `profile` tags are commented in `XMLTester.xml`, so I see it as incongruity.
